# Terms & Conditions


Bulkdozer is an experimental application, not an officially supported
Google product. It is provided without any guarantees, warranty, or
liability to Google. By using it the user authorizes it to make changes
to Campaign Manager on the user's behalf, and you assume all risks and
responsibilities for those changes.

Bulkdozer should be considered a reference implementation of how to
interact with the Campaign Manager API to make bulk edits. Before using
it, an engineer in the user's organization must review the code and
ensure the company is comfortable with how it works. The moment a user
decides to use it for updates on live campaigns, or campaigns that will
become live, the user assumes full responsibility over intended and
unintended changes made by it. The Bulkdozer source code can be found
here: https://github.com/google/starthinker

Google may host Bulkdozer for a client on Google’s infrastructure for a
short period of time while the client tests the tool and work internally
to secure resources to support Bulkdozer long term, this hosted version
is intended for testing and demo purposes only, and must not be used to
make changes to live campaigns or campaigns that will become live. These
terms apply equally to Bulkdozer instances hosted by Google or the client.

It’s also important to note that Google doesn’t guarantee or promise any
particular results from implementing the changes you authorize or that
will be carried out by Bulkdozer. You will be responsible for any impact
these changes have on your account, including impact on your campaign
performance or spending. Be sure to monitor your account regularly so you
understand what’s happening and can make campaign adjustments as necessary.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----
&copy; 2019 Google Inc. - Apache License, Version 2.0

[Back to main page](Intsallation_and_User_guides.md)
